Guides:
A user's guide describing how to use your project. This guide should mention any required dependencies of your code/platform, if applicable. The User Guide does not have to be incredibly detailed or expository, but it should contain terse step-by-step instructions that mention:

How to load the data
Download the data of Chicago and newyork from https://data.world/city-of-ny/2nwg-uqyg and https://data.world/chhs/fc544658-35c5-4be0-af20-fc703bc57c13
To load the data, use the pandas library by installing and importing it. pandas.read_csv(file_name)

How to set options/parameters for using the visualization
For setting the visualization, need to create mapbox account where we get a unique api key to use the map visualization.
If the latitudes and longitudes are not available, we can get those from the mapbox api with the help of zip codes in the dataset.
To specifically to highlight the region on the map, we need geojson file for that region, we will read those files with by importing the json library. json.load(file_geojson)
We can customize the map by using the various parameters by referring the documentation.
Customized bivariate is plotted to display the population and influenza cases where green represents population scale and pink represents influenza scale

How to interact with the system (e.g. "to change the aggregation level of the species category, click on the dropdown in the Options panel" or "hovering over a data item brings up a tooltip containing the following summary statistics....")
We can display the information when we hover on a region, i.e. displaying the population density, influenza cases and zip codes for the interaction with the visualization.
We can also add the color filters if we have more colors, just specifying the parameter for the color and we can select/unselect among the colors.
Can add the legends to specify the details correctly.

How to clear everything and start over in case of error
In case of error, just restart the kernel and run all
